ON SENTENCEZING.COM
Create a page with more detail about site/vision


BELONGS IN THE TEXT
Keep desc short & bulleted
Give link to sentenceZing.com for more info
$: $2000 < x < $5000 at the most


MARKETING - how to make giving $ compelling
What need does it meet: Writing exercises, meet a pair-writer online - how to make pair-writing part of culture

Audience:
Give talks at high schools	
Have a livestream event on twitch or google hangout - tweet & facebook announcements, invite a few specific friends - do a practice
SentenceZing party with prize for best vocabulary

Kickstarter:
- Look into local college writers groups
- SentenceZing mailchimp - those who have signed up, friends who may be interested, 
- Post stuff on goodreads, another site with a lot of writers? gamers? reddit, facebook GROUPS, linkedin GROUPS
- Contact friends who have HS kids - go thru facebook, write a survey (Would you use this with your son/daughter? Would they use it with their friends? Would you recommend/tell friends?)
- Weekly regular livestream
- Livestream event on twitch. Invite people & let them know what's going to happen. 2 people stream face at once. I need OpenBroadcastSoftware. Michael invites Alan Wicke in skype list and Early Adopters. I'd invite Pam & Steve, Peter S, Ross, 
Write a very short example/backup story in advance.
Mention kickstarter campaign
Ask crowd to type story ideas. Write the story, 6 lines. 
Announce contest. According to votes.
Ask crowd to type more story ideas. Tell everyone to go to sentenceZing and start a story.
While they write stories, we check on stories & comment on them. Comment on contest.
Tell people to vote. In case of tie, have everyone vote again.
Prize is a t-shirt.
- Daily cptv & sentencezing tweets
- Link sz twitter to twitch


GOALS
Improve design of profile pages
Denote online/offline status of users
Create badges for frequent users of 
  - SentenceZings
  - Writing stories with many different people
  - Messaging friends through the site

STRETCH GOALS
Educational features
  Teaching materials for your high school English class  
  Enter grades/comments on sentences and stories viewable only by sentence owner - for teachers or mentors
  Pair mentors with people looking for help 
  Badges for educational usage (mentor badge, teach badge, graduate badges, skill-level badges)

Social Features 
  Invite friends to join a story
  Connectivity with Facebook and Twitter so users can share stories on their timeline
  Comment feed on stories
  Badges for each social feature

New Game Modes
  Multiple users contribute to a story
  Use specific words in each sentenceZing
  Story themes
  Write a story by yourself to have voted on for top solo story

Design
  Create/Get more images and designs for the site
  Create dynamic banner

SUPER STRETCH GOALS
Site viewing statistics for each user 
Phone App
Story-pair matchmaking based on interests (user-entered tags)
Point system to barter for votes, other things
SentenceZing Store:
  Buy (or give some for free) ebooks of featured stories with illustrations - check with a lawyer
  Set up to order personalized shirts, mugs, etc with quotes from story. or whole thing
Ability to write really long stories/short books and have published directly on CrowdPublishTv


REWARDS

Pledge $1
	Backer on a Budget: A special thank you for your support! And here it is: Thank You!

Pledge $5 
	Bronze Backer: Earn a bronze early backer badge for your Sentencezing profile.	
	
Pledge $10
	Silver Backer: Earn a silver early backer badge for your Sentencezing profile.
		Get Sentencezing Custom Stickers for sticking places.

Pledge $15
	Video Sponsor Superstar: Earn a gold early backer badge for your sentencezing profile.
		Sentencezing t-shirt.
		A video testimonial you create will be showcased on the Sentencezing home page and facebook page.
	
Pledge $15
	Patron of the Arts: Earn a gold early backer badge for your sentencezing profile.
		Sentencezing t-shirt.
		A picture related to a story on Sentencezing will be showcased on Sentencezing and Sentencezing Facebook.
	
Pledge $25
	Lookin' Good: Earn a gold early backer badge for your sentencezing profile.
		Sentencezing T-shirt.
		
Pledge $25
	Gold Tier Gamer: Earn a gold early backer badge for your sentencezing profile.
		Get a Steam game bundle. (Games TBD)
	
Pledge $35 
ONE YEAR MEMBERSHIP: Get free extra features, including...? GET YOUR STORY FEATURED ON THE SENTENCEZING HOME PAGE FOR A DAY, ability to do minor editing on your story

Pledge $40 
DRAMATIC READING: Lisa & Michael do an audio recording of your story and feature on the sentenceZing home page

Pledge $50
	Socialite: Earn Diamond early backer badge and title for your Sentencezing profile.
		A group 1 hour video call with the Sentencezing team. Talk about what you'd like to see on sentenceZing.com. 
		SentenceZing t-shirt.
		
Pledge $50
	Enthusiast: Earn Diamond early backer badge and title for your Sentencezing profile.
		Get the prizes of both Gold tier gamer and Lookin' Good.
	
Pledge $60 
YOU'RE SO VAIN: This song isn't just about your story, it IS your story. Lisa sings your story to a tune in the public domain. The song will be featured in your profile and on the sentenceZing home page. Michael is too self-conscious to sing along. You don't want him to sing it anyway. 

Pledge $75 
	Write a story with each of the Sentencezing team members. Sentencezing t-shirt.
		
Pledge $100
	Idealist: Earn Diamond early backer badge and title for your Sentencezing profile.
		A one-on-one video call with the Sentencezing team. Suggest & discuss new game modes or site features (intellectual property problem?).
		SentenceZing t-shirt.
	
Pledge $100
	Featured Famous: Get your stories featured on the Sentencezing homepage for a month.
		Be featured on the Sentencezing supporter page.
		Sentencezing t-shirt.
		
Pledge $200 
AUTHOR SERVICES SPONSORSHIP: Paragraph describing services you offer, plus a link to your website

Pledge $250
	One of a Kind: Get original signed concept art and stories. 
		Thank you letter signed by the Sentencezing team.


	

October
By Monday
Research other Kickstarter campaigns
Brainstorm goals & stretch goals – what is 'finished' product?
Brainstorm marketing plan 

By Tuesday
Brainstorm rewards list
Brainstorm how to showcase existing features

Mon Nov 3
Write draft rewards
Research t-shirt costs
Poll friends for rewards ideas

Tue Nov 4
Write draft video script

Sun Nov 9
Check-in with Who We Are/motivation

Mon Nov 10
Write goals

Week of Nov 10
Marketing schedule
Refine goals & example story for video

Mon Nov 17
Marketing, twitch

Tue Nov 18
Set up sentenceZing twitch
Write up goals for campaign

Mon Nov 24
Mailchimp, twitter
Experiment with short livecast

Tue Nov 25
L: Email twitter
Script for video
M: Set up Selfstarter in heroku

Tue Dec 2
Write video script
Self starter

Mon Dec 8
Video script
Self starter

Tue Dec 9
Self starter CSS
Download OBS broadcast software
Try some livestream twitch

Mon Jan 12
Write content for selfstarter site
Figure out where to paste rewards list

Tue Jan 13
M: Widget for Facebook
Layout for rewards & About-section content
Located where pic of us goes, links to sz.com
L: Widget for twitter
email twitter for account cancellation

Mon Feb 2
M: look into notification last_seen issue
look into bio/aboutme issue
js for indicating on/offline
L: Write About section, How Help, Who we are


January
Plan & write most of the video
Write text description for the campaign's web site
Register SentenceZing LLC
Obtain ownership of SentenceZing logo
Register with IRS to get Tax ID number
Get a bank account 

February
Shoot most of the video
Edit video
Refine everything: video, goals, text description, rewards
Send emails announcing upcoming campaign start date
Estimate time to finish product if funded
Collect target audience email addresses
Write goals & stretch goals
Showcase planned features
Develop a marketing plan
Create the video for showcasing the existing site -Practice livestream & record video for campaign video

March
Have a lawyer review TOS, Operating Agreement



BELONGS IN THE VIDEO
Intro of who the Sentencezing team is
Testimonials from early adopters: 
Example typical usage - speeded up
Demo features - profiles, voting, notifications
Goals for the site
Showcase planned features



INT. LISA'S LIVING ROOM
Michael and Lisa sit in front of the fireplace sipping hot chocolate and reading a book. A display of candles burns in the fireplace. 

        MICHAEL
    Hello. This is SentenceZing fireside chat with Michael and Lisa. 

        LISA
    SentenceZing is a pair-writing web site where you can create a short story with a partner. It helps you share story ideas and you can mentor one another in writing skills.

        MICHAEL
    And you get to see what crazy stuff old friends come up with, or meet new people online.

        LISA
    Michael & I are software engineers who love to share stories. We're creating SentenceZing so you can share your stories too.

        MICHAEL
    Let's hear what others have to say about SentenceZing.


Testimonials: Ask Jordin, Christine, Hannah, Cary, Peter. Write questions to ask. Use OBS broadcaster software with Skype

Questions for Testimonial Video Interviews:
What did you like best about using SentenceZing?
Why might other people want to use the site?
What kind of people would you recommend use the site?


INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Michael sits at a desk with his laptop and a Cat in the Hat hat. 

        MICHAEL
    So, how does sentenceZing work? I'll show you. 

Michael motions to the audience to look at his screen.

INT. SCREENSHOT
Home page of sentenceZing.com. Go through all this very quickly. 

        MICHAEL (OS)
    I'll start a story so someone can join it.

Click on New Story.

        MICHAEL (OS)
     Let's call it "We're Doing a Kickstarter Campaign."

Type "We're Doing a Kickstarter Campaign" into Title - time lapse. 

        MICHAEL (OS)
     Let's say it's in the Nonfiction category. One of the future features of SentenceZing is to search by category.

Type "Nonfiction" into Category - time lapse. Click Create Story. The screen changes to allow the first sentence to be typed.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    Now I enter the first sentence of the story.

In time lapse at the speed of reading: Michael types, "The inception with the oracle was thwarted by a snowstorm, trapping the scion inside his bunker." Click the Post button.

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Michael at the desk.

        MICHAEL
    I have to wait for someone to join the story. I can check back in a few hours, or I can phone a friend and ask her to play right now.

Michael calls on his phone.

        MICHAEL 
    Hi. Lisa?

        LISA (OS) 
    Hi Michael.

        MICHAEL 
    Let's play sentenceZing.

        LISA (OS) 
    I'm not answering my phone right now.

Michael looks annoyed.

INT. LIVING ROOM
Lisa sits on the couch with her laptop and phone in front of her while her recorded message plays her voice.

        LISA (OS) 
    Send me a text at the beep and I'll play sentenceZing when I return. *BEEP*

        MICHAEL (OS) 
    Fine, Lisa. I'll send a text.

INT. LISA'S SCREEN
Home page of sentenceZing.com. Lisa clicks on Stories. 

        LISA (OS) 
    There are some stories that need to be joined.

Lisa clicks on Join Story for the "We're Doing a Kickstarter Campaign." 

        LISA (OS) 
    It's my turn to add a sentence to the story.

In time lapse: She types "They waited for the snow to pass. A week later, they entered the cave." and clicks Post.

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Michael is laying his head sideways on the desk with screen in view, bouncing a small ball & catching it.

        MICHAEL (mumbling)
    I know Lisa's phone is on.  

INT. SCREENSHOT
Screen refreshes to show Lisa's new sentence.

        MICHAEL (mumbling OS)
    She's just ignoring me.

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Michael sits up with a jolt.

        MICHAEL
    I got a new sentence! It's my turn.

INT. SCREENSHOT
In time lapse Michael types, "Inside the cave, they found a treasure chest encrusted with rubies and gems." Click Post.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    Now we keep taking turns writing short pieces of the story.

Text: Slithering around the chest was a python. appears onscreen
In time lapse Michael types, "The scion and oracle approached the treasure chest. When they opened it, they found an oculus that revealed a fissure in the cave's floor." Click the Post button.
Text: Then the python ate the treasure chest and disappeared into the rift. appears onscreen.
In time lapse Michael types, "Except that pythons don't eat rubies. The End." Click the Post button.

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Michael looks up from computer.

        MICHAEL
     And that's how to create a sentenceZing story.

Lisa walks in typing on her phone.

        LISA
     Not the end. The python entered the 4th dimension and announced her message to the world. BLOOD. GORE. MURDER. The End. Mwaaaahaaahaha.

INT. SCREENSHOT
The sentence Lisa just said appears onscreen.

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Lisa comes up from behind and gives Michael a hug around his shoulders.

        MICHAEL
    I knew you had your phone on because I could hear it. 

        LISA
    Let's show them our sentenceZing profiles.

        MICHAEL
    Why do you want to show them that?

Lisa sits in the chair next to Michael.

        LISA
    Because I want them to see your cowboy hat.

INT. SCREENSHOT
Michael's profile - cowboy hat picture, So Sentence dog, followers.

        LISA (OS)
    See how popular Michael is. He has 6 followers.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    That's not very popular.

        LISA (OS)
    It's more than anyone else has yet.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    Probably because I've contributed to more stories than anyone else has.

Go to Lisa's profile.

        LISA (OS)
    Maybe. But I've written more total sentences.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    I'm going to vote for one of the stories.

Click on Stories. Page with list of stories appears. Click on title of a story with 0 likes. Shadowbox appears. Click like. Bring arrow toward the X at the bottom of screen. (Press F5.) Shadowbox disappears.

        MICHAEL (OS)
    Look. I have some notifications. 

Click on Notifications dropdown. 

        MICHAEL (OS)
    Must be my turn to add to the story.

Click on whatever story is at the top of the list. 

INT. SENTENCEZING HEADQUARTERS (or Lisa's home office)
Lisa and Michael.

        MICHAEL 
    But I'll add to it later. I'd rather talk about the goals we have for the site.

        LISA
    If our total pledges add up to $1000, we're going to add a messaging feature and improve the design of user profiles and the other pages on the site.

        MICHAEL 
    And if we get over $2000 in pledges, we'll create new game modes and implement some social sharing features.

        LISA 
    But if we get over $4000 in pledges, we'll create a feature so you can order t-shirts with your story printed on the front with a pretty border.

        MICHAEL 
    And if we get over $40 000 in pledges, we'll create a sentenceZing app for Android.





        LISA
    A long time ago, in a place far far away, there lived a bunny.

        MICHAEL
    The bunny morphed into a zombie and ran through the town while everyone used it for target practice.